# Resprouted v1.1.0

## New Features
- Added new block: Jar
    - Fluid storage that can hold up to 4 buckets.
    - Can be opened or closed by shift-right-clicking the block (it can only be filled with fluid when open).
    - Can be dyed in a crafting table and de-dyed by placing a dyed jar back into the crafting table.
    - Can also be dyed manually by right-clicking with a dye item (this option is disabled by default in the config).

- Added new block: Urn
    - Item storage with the same capacity as a single chest.
    - Like Jars, it can be dyed and de-dyed.
    - Can also be dyed manually by right-clicking with a dye item (same behavior as the Jar block).

- Added new config options to enable or disable the following blocks:
    - Painted Planks
    - Tables
    - Chairs
    - Stools
    - Clay Walls
    - Vanilla stone variations added by this mod (Andesite Bricks, Granite Bricks, Diorite Bricks, etc.)

- Added unfired ceramic blocks
  - Added Unfired Drying Basin, Unfired Jar, and Unfired Urn.
  - These blocks are crafted using clay and must be fired before use.
  - Can be fired by placing them in a furnace or by placing them above a lit campfire or fire block (This process takes 20 seconds).
  - In the Nether dimension, they will automatically fire after 20 seconds.
  - Once fired, they transform into their functional versions (Drying Basin, Jar, or Urn).
  
## Changes
- Changed Drying Basin crafting recipe
  - Now requires crafting the Unfired Drying Basin first.
  - The unfired version must then be fired in a furnace or placed above heat sources to obtain the functional Drying Basin.

## Fixes
- Fixed custom bottles disappearing after drinking in Survival mode.
- Fixed a crash during startup on dedicated servers caused by client-only classes being loaded on the wrong side (thanks to unilock).
- Fixed the Full Metal effect overlay texture covering the F3 menu and rendering outside of first person.
- Added missing loot tables and tags for all green iron and golden candle holder variants.
- Added missing recipes for all double iron, golden, and copper candle holder variants

## Tweaks
- Improved the appearance of some messages.
- Reorganized and renamed some classes and packages for better structure and maintainability.
- Improved the usage of `ImplementedInventory` in blocks.
- And other things that I don't remember.

